you're getting better all the time and
turning on cancel one is it hard to
change I never would set something
hi guys this is calvin here today at geo
a studios and i want to make a make a
video on how to make the coolest windows
intro you don't want to go to this
website i'll post in the description is
Glenn movie too little info you're going
to you can download all these loops like
this high tech and all that find the one
that you would like after you downloaded
it which i have i have what are here
that's under the high-tech selection you
can or cannot add music I prefer to so
I'm gonna get the song written the stars
by tinie tempah I'm going to get it and
I'm going to first you're gonna always
want to put captions because otherwise
you ever get out after I have a more
high tech program so like the fonts you
want and then type what you want to be
Eddie I would prefer putting something
like a Geo a studio oh so shouldn't
that's what I usually put as you've seen
in my intro of my video you can put it
as that I prefer this one slide it up
now we're going to make this a little
bit shorter 4.5 yeah so really good at
the time we're going to put i got i put
here but rate comment subscribe and then
we're going to move in here change it to
red and change this so looks like that
then we're going to go over here here's
like this get them make it a little bit
shorter you know 4.20 and it'll come out
something like this
you
for a simple intro that isn't half that
well guys I hope you like make a
recording for any questions or any
backdrops that i will send to you if you
contact me through the email address i
will post in the description i have all
of these and I'm getting more hope you
guys like my video and goodbye